INC launcher refinements (#183)
huggingface/optimum-intel: examples/neural_compressor/launcher/PythonLauncher.md

Use Python Launcher CLI to Run Optimum-Intel Optimization with Intel Neural Compressor
=====

> Users can use our Python Launcher CLI design to run the Python model code as it is with automatic enabling of the Optimum-Intel optimization (by Intel Neural Compressor).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Intel Neural Compressor quantization can be applied on your model through the Optimum Intel command-line:
```

## Quick-Start

> Example: Let's run an NLP model using ```run_glue.py``` from HuggingFace Transformers PyTorch [examples](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/v4.26-release/examples/pytorch/text-classification/run_glue.py).

Reviewer: I would be in favor of adding tests before giving visiblity to `NeuralCoderAdaptor`

Author: OK, let me add the tests as well in this PR later.

Author: Test added, see comment below

Reviewer: Thanks for adding it !

Use Python Launcher CLI to Run Optimum-Intel Optimization with Intel Neural Compressor
=====

Users can use our Python Launcher CLI design to run the Python model code as it is with automatic enabling of the Optimum-Intel optimization (by Intel Neural Compressor).

## Quick-Start

Example: Let's run an NLP model using ```run_glue.py``` from HuggingFace Transformers PyTorch [examples](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/v4.26-release/examples/pytorch/text-classification/run_glue.py).

> Pre-requisites:
> 
> ```bash
> pip install transformers torch datasets
> ```

Reviewer: Already hard requirements of `optimum` so I would remove it 
```suggestion
```
